Topic:
"Many people decide on career path early on their lives and keep to it. This, they argue, leads to a more satisfying working life. To what extent do you agree with this view? What other things can people do in order to have satisfying working life?"

Essay:
"A number of employees may agree that constructing professional career early and staying on it is required as a way to acquire comfortable working routines. As a worker, I have same perspective with the earlier people's notion which will be detailed in the following paragraphs. Moreover, there will be another straightforward occasion which can be implemented in order to create enjoyable working circle.

To begin with, building an exceptional career early and focusing on it can create comfortable ecosystem inasmuch as they will have comprehensive understanding when they finish their daily routines. Based on that, workers can do their jobs exceptionally which will increase productivity. As a result, numerous compliments can be reached and production will be operated without any obstacles which can release satisfying in the internal circle of corporation. For example, I initiated my profession couple of years ago without altering corporation which gave satisfying condition.

Turning to another action, making sure that all duties in the company will fit with worker's background may gives a consequence that the employee will relish their responsibilities. For instance, I just selected the perfect profession based on my academic track as a way to make sure I could do my deskjobs excellently. Consequently, there was no enormous issue when I was a part of corporation previously and I always did my routines with cheerful condition. In other words, from the previous illustration, having tasks which are relevant with worker's credential can avoid massive problems later.

To conclude, I redeclare that having a supporting circle in our working life can be done by initiating professional record untimely and staying focus on it. In addition, an occasion such as fitting duties which will be done with our qualification is required to realize the earlier condition."

Revised:

Feedback:

Task Response:

Coherence and Cohesion:

Lexical Resource:

Grammatical Range and Accuracy:

Score: