Topic:
"In the future, people may no longer be able to pay for things in shops using cash. All the payments may have to be made by card or using phones.

Do you think this will happen one day?

Why do you think some people might not be happy to give up using cash?"
Essay:
"With the evolution of technology, the use of credit/debit cards or phone transactions for payments is being preferred over  classic cash payments. Thanks to the pandemic in 2020, most people are opting for a cashless transaction.

As of today, the need to pay using cash has definitely been reduced. Some people prefer to pay using a card or UPI rather than carrying the entire wallet along with them. For example, there are a few street vendors who are also changing their business strategies and accepting other modes of payment as well. Even in the ,future only a half section of the population would prefer an online payment.

Answering the question of the crowd would completely avoid note payments for things, I partly disagree and partly agree with it. The reason for my disagreement is the survey conducted by the Times in 2021, 16% of the world's population lives in extreme poverty. It is extremely difficult for them to have proper shelter, food and medical access; let alone open a bank account. The only way for their mode of survival would be cash. Apart from the poverty factor, there are many folks who prefer to use currency because it gives them a sense of mindful spending rather than splurging.

I would agree that the currency might be totally avoided or banned and might start using cryptocurrencies. I personally feel, the greatest benefit would be to avoid using paper for printing notes, they can help the environment if we do not cut trees ,especially for paper.

There would definitely be a section of the crowd that most definitely wouldn't be happy about the use of online deposits as I have stated above regarding the mindful expenses, currency can be useful where there's a slow network or no connectivity to the Internet at all.

In conclusion, I would say notes and coins should remain in the picture and also the UPI mode of deposit, since the drawbacks outweigh the benefits."
Revised:

Feedback:

Task Response:

Coherence and Cohesion:

Lexical Resource:

Grammatical Range and Accuracy:

Score: