Topic:

"Some people believe that studying at university or college is the best route to a successful career, while others believe that it is better to get a job straight after school.
Discuss both views and give your opinion"

Essay:

"It is often argued by some that pupils with the highest grades should be honored, while others feel that those who improve the most ought to be prized.  In my opinion, I believe that the reward should be given to those who have shown the improvement as this motivates them to develop more in academics. 

On the one hand, some people hold the view that students of top rank should be awarded. They believe this because it is fair, and they should be rewarded for their hard work. That is to say, students usually strive to attain the first rank in the class, and the best way to pay off for their hard work is by rewarding them. However, I believe that they put great efforts not for rewards or any prizes but for their self-satisfaction and the future. 
For instance, a survey conducted by Cambridge University in 2011 found that students study and achieve highest marks only for their future career prospects but not for any rewards.

On the other hand, others hold the opinion that it is better to reward those who develop the most over a term as they will be motivated by doing so. I agree with this point of view because, rewarding someone while he is trying hard to achieve the best, influences him to keep working without giving up, and takes him to the highest level one day. For example, when I was a teacher, I used to honour and encourage the students, who were trying hard to improve the most, and most of them reached the top level by the end of the final semester. 

In conclusion, although there are strong arguments to reward top ranked students, I believe honouring those who are keep improving over and over will motivate them to reach the top level and succeed one day."

Revised:

Feedback:

Task Response:

Coherence and Cohesion:

Lexical Resource:

Grammatical Range and Accuracy:

Score: