Topic:

"Some people think that in order to solve traffic and transportation problems people should be encouraged to live in suburbs or countryside rather cities. To what extent do you agree or disagree?"

Essay:

"Opinions are divided on whether the solution for traffic and transportation problems lies in the outskirts of the cities or within themselves. Although I acknowledge the feasibility of the aforementioned proposal, I firmly disagree with this idea. 

Those who advocate relocating to the surrounding area of the cities may have some merits in their arguments in terms of new modern road systems. They may well point to the fact that these areas would be more well-planned and developed, hence larger capacity for traffic as well as shorter traveling time. This would greatly benefit the local population as they can allocate more time to take care of other pressing matters in their life. Nonetheless, this approach is flawed as the increasing population will continue to choose cities as a place to catapult themselves on their career path, and, as a result, worsen the situation. 

From my perspective, policymakers can tackle this situation with the introduction of new traffic regulations as well as the promotion of public transport. Regarding the former, the government should impose a fee on all private-own vehicles during rush hours. This would discourage a substantial amount of the population from using their vehicle and consequently force them to use buses, trains and carriages. Big cities in China, for instance, give “points” to citizens who choose to commute by state-owned bus companies instead of their cars, leading to a decline in traffic jams and a better traffic experience. 

All in all, while some members of the public endorse the idea of living in the suburbs for the sake of relieving pressure on the cities’ congestion problem, I vehemently oppose this idea as, in the long term, novel traffic laws combined with the promotion of public transportations will prove to be more advantageous to the larger population."

Revised:

Feedback:

Task Response:

Coherence and Cohesion:

Lexical Resource:

Grammatical Range and Accuracy:

Score: