Topic:
"In some countries, a few people earn extremely high salaries. Some people think that this is good for a country , while others believe government should control salaries and limit the amount people can earn. Discuss both views and give your opinion"
Essay:
"A certain amount of the population is withdrawing handsome amounts of pay in several nations, some believe that this is a positive for that nation, while on the other hand, some argue that the government should act to restrict the amount to be paid to them. I fully endorse the first notion that earning high is prosperous for that nation, and instead of restricting their salaries government should encourage projects to foster more development and growth and should pave the way for others to earn higher, however, we would be discussing both the arguments below.

To begin with, a certain amount of the public  narrates that the authorities should restrict the amount being paid. This can be helpful ,especially in developing countries where the government can keep a check and balance on their people by curtailing down aspects such as money laundering through tax invasions  because this phenomenon is true to the extent that the elite class that earns more are involved in tax invasions, and that they are laundering their money illegally to buy assets in other parts of the globe. For instance, a report from the United Nations highlighted that the higher class in African and Asian countries have been buying assets in many parts of Europe through means of money laundering. This notion of limiting  pay can  also be useful to create harmony among the public so that the rich don't get richer and the poor don't get poorer. 

On the contrary, some perceive that this is beneficial for the government and their country. The government could benefit from the fact that their tax collection will increase, in ,particular they would have much more amount to spend on the general public. To simplify, they can use this income to start new development projects and invest more in areas where higher incomes can be generated. To illustrate, India has been growing rapidly due to the number of millionaires increasing in their society, hence, new projects of growth and development are being made available to the public. This argument can also encourage many others to earn more income and be successful in their lives. 

Furthermore, I believe that the government should promote more public to earn handsome amounts of pay and that this will benefit the country as a whole. In other words, high pay will help improve the living standards of many and the nation will have much more money from taxation to spend on prosperous projects such as IT schools and high-class hospitals. 

To conclude, regulating salaries might be helpful to restrict tax invasions but the overall government should motivate higher incomes as this could provide them with a sufficient amount of funds to increase development and growth."
Revised:

Feedback:

Task Response:

Coherence and Cohesion:

Lexical Resource:

Grammatical Range and Accuracy:

Score: