Topic:

"Some people say that advertising is extremely successful at persuading us to buy things. Other people think that advertising is so common that we no longer pay attention to it.

Discuss both these views and give your own opinion."

Essay:

"There is ongoing debate that whether or not adverts are crucial for individuals. While some people argue that it is necessary for buying the advanced products which arrive in the market as well as  special discounts, others believe that there is no time to pay attention to these commercial ads as they are really common. This essay will discuss both views and argue in favour of the former.

On the one hand, if advertising of products is not held, the masses will not be able to acquire   knowledge of the products which are introduced in the supermarkets. Therefore, bulletins help to purchase the latest items coming across the world. Moreover, it also provides  intensive knowledge of how appliances work and flourishes with deals on the items which ultimately encourage humankind to buy things. For instance, people are more indulged in shopping during  Boxing Day in Canada as most of the outlets are posting  deals on the special brand at the end of the year.

On the other hand, humans are so hectic with their schedules therefore, they do not have enough duration to pay attention to these offers going on television or social media platforms. In the current era, prices of every item are so high that people just want to purchase those things which are required and they can run for perennial. Most of them just skip these ads as they think that it is waste of time in watching these advertisements. For example, a YouTube director predicted that 99% of individuals prefer to skip the advertisement at the start of a new video because they think it is useless to watch them.

In conclusion, although adverts are so common to be avoided to preserve time,  they play a significant role in saving chunks of money by forcing people to buy products when there are deals going on as well as they also provide detailed information on items."


