Topic:

"Plastic bags, plastic bottles, and plastic packaging are bad for the environment. What damage does plastic do to the environment and people? What can be done by governments and individuals to solve this problem?"

Essay:

"Plastic pollution has become a critical environmental issue. As the world’s population increases rapidly, so does the amount of disposable plastic in form of soda cans, food wrappers, or bags. This will wreak havoc on both animal species and humans, but if some practices are implemented by the ruling class of countries and individuals, this problem can be addressed. 

Plastic products can put the lives of animals and people in jeopardy. To begin with, foam paper, cups, and food containers are often left on the beaches by many dwellers or holidaymakers. As a result, great quantities of plastic will find their way into sea life, where creatures will either ingest micro-particles or choke on them to death. This, in turn, will upset the food chain as the lives of larger animals in the sea or on the land depend heavily on smaller creatures poisoned by plastic. Plastic also poses a grave threat to humans. Dumping these products in landfills and then burning them is highly likely to release poisonous chemicals that have deleterious effects on human life such as long-term respiratory problems.

Having said that, there are ways to address the problem with regard to plastic use. Firstly, the onus is on the government to take meaningful measures to oversee the ways in which plastic is produced. One such measure is to prevent factories from using production methods that are far from environmentally friendly and instead reward those trying to recycle. At the same time, people should also shop more responsibly. When going to a grocery store or a restaurant, they can carry reusable cotton bags, drinking bottles, and cutlery as opposed to disposable ones, thereby promoting the culture of green life while reducing the mass discard of plastic.

To sum up, with plastic products continuing to exist in the environment for hundreds of years to come, affecting both animals, sea animals in particular, as well as humans, the government and individuals should make a concerted effort to mitigate the severity of such a crisis."


