Topic:

"Stores should sell local food products and not the imported food products. Do you agree or disagree ?"

Essay:

"Some people are of the opinion that the vendors should sell local food products instead of marketing imported products.  Even though it gives an advantage and economical benefits to the indigenous producers,  imported edibles cannot be completely taken out from stores due to its increasing popularity.  Hence, I partially agree to this notion. 

On the one side, several benefits to the local food suppliers when their product is bought and sold in the local market.  Demand of the goods in the market at a tremendous rate when imported goods are reduced or completely excluded.  For instance in UAE 50 percentage of the fruits and vegetables are imported from Asian markets.  As a result of country ground water will improve the local market demand and supply. Additional, that is an income circulation within the country.  As a result, it is very suitable to consider selling local food products over the imported ones.

The other side there is a downside to this option of choosing ingrown food products. To begin with there is a huge demand for international consumables. People are ready to spend money to get there decide items. As a result if you stores choose not to keep imported consumables, the customers will go online to buy it is a very reliable and convenient option instead of using the local substitute. For the more, there are certain products which can only be produced under certain atmospheric condition and with the killer products. For example, Parmesan cheese cannot be made in every country because of the requirement of certain bacteria for optimum taste. Hence,it is not always viable to ignore their International products.

To conclude cal dispose should try every possible ways to support its own local products to get into market it is not always feasible to ignore the growing needs of consumers towards the foreign consumables. Instant the government should take initiatives to add the local producers then shutting of the imports"


