Topic:

"Nowadays, a growing number of people with health problems are trying alternative medicines and treatment instead of visiting their usual doctor.

Do you think this is a positive or a negative development?"

Essay:

"In recent times, are increasing figure of individuals with health-related issues are trying other methods of drugs and treatments such as herbal in place of going to consult their health expert. In as much as this herbs and treatment options tend to be helpful atimes, it is a negative development as this drugs lack prescription, the manufacturers of them have little or no adequate knowledge and also a treatment areas do not have necessary equipment.

To begin with, the Orthodox method of treating illness and drug supply has many dangers attached to them in as much as they tend to be affordable. This dangers can be as a result of first, lack of proper dosage information. Human beings  at this point are left with no other option than to take over or under those of them which can lead to various conditions and even death. Secondly, it is observed that those who carry out this treatment or even produce these drugs have little or no knowledge about what they are doing because they did not attend schools for this procedures, they tend to carry out guesswork there by using the lives off humans to do trial and error.

Lastly, these treatment areas are likely not to have the necessary equipment to carry out a particular tasks thereby endangering the lives of humans. For instance, the traditional bone setters are individuals who try to manipulate the bone under a blind setting as a result of lack of instruments such as X-ray machine. These people have cost a lot of complications in our present time and country, putting individuals at risk of losing their hands and legs and at some point resulting to death.

To sum it up, in as much as people have little or no money to go to good health facilities and buy good drugs, the little they have should be used properly by going to good hospitals which the government has made free to avoid abusing of drugs and being attended to by quacks."


