Topic:

"Some people say History is one of the most important school subjects. Other people think that, in today’s world, subjects like Science and Technology are more important than History.

Discuss both these views and give your own opinion. Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience."

Essay:

"It is true that some people believe the essential subject in school is History, meanwhile, other people say the crucial subjects are technology and science. This essay will examine both views.

To begin with, every country in this world has its own history, and from it, we learn many things, such as wars, kingdoms, trades, slavery, and many more. In Indonesia, we had a long story to get our freedom. Furthermore, the Indonesian government made a curriculum with some core subjects, and one of the important subjects is history. The aim was to tell people, especially students, how Indonesia gets freedom and to grow nationalism in pupils' souls. For example, in history books, they tell the founders, the heroes, places, dates, and how the story was. One person did not reach freedom was not reached by one person in one place, but every people in this country contributed to getting it. As a result, history is important and Indonesian citizens knew how the country got freedom and grew nationalism.

However, in the globalization era, technology and science are developing. Public ease to access any information around the world. Netizens can get up-to-date news from their phones everywhere and anywhere. Technology helps people to work, ago 5 people handled one job, but now one job is handled by one person.  This encourages a country to put it into the curriculum since these subjects are crucial for humanity's future. These subjects aim to lead the students to become part of society and let them make human life improve. For instance, medicine is improving. Before many people died because of influenza but over time, scientists found a vaccine, and nowadays, the flu is becoming a common illness. Moreover, a country has some wishes that the young generation will make some invented and bring a solution to the country's problem, they say history is not important because it was the past and now we are in the present and need to be ready for the future. Many benefits from technology and science will help people to live better.

To conclude, history is an important subject because, from it, we know where we came from and what happened in the past, so we know the story, we can learn from our mistakes, and we are able to give respect to our heroes. Science and technology are also essential; from these subjects, our knowledge is broadened, and we will get answers to many problems we face."


