Topic:

"Living in a country where you have to speak a foreign language can cause serious social problems, as well as practical problems.

To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement?

Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience."

Essay:

"Language is key to communicating with other people, and some people believe language is a big problem for someone who lives in a country where they need to speak a foreign language, and this problem leads to crucial issues such as social and practical. This essay will examine why I agree with this statement.

To begin with, living abroad is a dream for some people. Most of them want to have a better life and a better neighbourhood. The essential thing that people need to prepare is the language of the country they want to go to. Moreover, someone needs to know how to make conversation, not a short one but the complex one, because this is important to be accepted in new places or to find a job. For example, someone who chooses the UK to start a new life but does not know English will find a problem because they can not communicate with their coworkers or boss, leading to low performance in the workplace. As a result, it is not good for a new start.

Furthermore, this is happening for more than just social but for practical problems as well. A new place means new rules. People need to know about the new place they want to live. For instance, if someone from another country decides to live in Indonesia, all signs on the roads, restaurant menus, and the local people use the Indonesian language. It will be hard for someone who does not know Indonesia to want to live here. This will challenge those who want to live in another country.

To conclude, I strongly agree that language is essential to connect people. This skill will bring many opportunities if we are good at using it in the right place. Otherwise, a lack of ability to use a particular language brings drawbacks."


