Topic:

"The growth of online shopping will one day lead to all shops in towns and cities closing.
Do you agree or disagree

Give reason for your answer and include any relevant example from your own knowledge or experience"

Essay:

"imagine laying in your comfortable bed wearing comfy payjamas and buying that Gorgeous jacket from ebay or completing your office assignment drowned in the piles of paperwork still getting your most favorite sandwich from Subway. 
Thats how convenient and fast life is with online shopping facilities. People now have a whole bunch of brands in their gadgets be it ZARA, NIKE or Pizza Hut, you name it and there's an app waiting to be downloaded in your phone or tablet. Few clicks done and you have that newly launched pair of shoes from zara at yiur door step. 
Online market places have not only made shopping easier and fast but also made lives of introverts a lot more comfortable, at least now we do not have to be awkward when a sales staff personnel is glued to us while choosing items. Most people do not like to visit physical outlets, there are many factors that affect this situation. some of them are 
 • traffic & parking issues
 • extensive physical activity for elderly people
 • crowded outlets and many more reasons
Having the best available produce on yiir finger tips is always a pleasure. 

The growth of virtual market place and online stores is turning out to be a biggest reason for closing of shops and stores. The biggest reason is the cost to benefit ratio. To run a physical shops and stores extensive overheads are incurred such as lighting, music, staff cost, interior and rent. No matter if 1 or 100 customers visit om daily basis the store has yo bear fixed costs which fuel the declining profits. 
selling online is way more cheaper as it gives the flexibility of on point service, when a customer is genuinely interested they can visit the virual store and purchase the items, companies also buy bots to cater the queries and complaints of online customers which helps them provide more enhanced customer service. When there is no massive fixed cost attached the profits are higher comparatively. 

One real example of dissolution of physical outlets is FOREVER 21. This apparel brand has shut its stores and now onmy focusing on online sales. Few more major example of online shopping boost is Amazon and Ali Express, these tech giants have challenged and distorted the idea of having physical stores. 

In my opinion, online shopping is the future and brands should now adapt to the changing environment otherwise they'll be left as devestated as Black Berry was when touch screen smart phones came into power."


