Topic:

"Completing university education is thought by some to be the best way to get a good job. On the other hand other people think that getting experience and developing soft skills is more important.
Discuss both views and give your opinion."

Essay:

"An education plays vital role in everyone’s life, it is commonly believed by some people that, the university study is very important in order to get an appropriate job. However, others think gaining work experience and development of skills is more important. In my opinion, both have their own positives and negatives but an education is essential under any circumstances.

The majority of people complete their graduation and masters from the university to secure an employment. Most of the MNC’s and mid-small scale industries hire new employees from the universities and colleges. In addition to this, it is feasible to understand and gain practical knowledge after the studies. With proper education it is very easy to understand the work while employed in real world scenario. Why the graduation is so important? We can understand by this example, people with adequate experience and skills set, but without an education cannot promote on higher positions as well as they never considered for bigger salaries because, market demands the education.

On the other hand, gaining an experience and learning new skills is essential. It is so important to understand work which is only possible by gaining practical understanding and developing skill sets. Practical knowledge makes things easy to understand and enhances abilities which can be used in real time. Why some people believe that the experience is important? This example will elaborate clearly; everyday new challenges are taken on chin by project/industrial engineers. In order to face those situations and provide feasible solutions requires an experience and skills.

In conclusion, gaining the proper experience and learning new skills is so important in the real employment practices. However, without an education, there is less individual growth in terms of self-development and career opportunities. The experience can be gained after completing college or university education."


