Topic:

"Some people think the role of parents is to discipline their children and teach them about right and wrong. Other people consider that the main responsibility of parents is to nurture their children and provide them a Safe environment to grow up in. Discuss both sides and give your opinion?"

Essay:

"People hold differents opinions on how parents should raise their children effaciously. While there are those who believe that educating their young ones the discernment of what is right from wrong; other opine that provision of safe environment and proper sustenance are parent's main responsibility to confer to their children. In my opinion, both views are equally valid and necessary inorder to effectively bring up their young ones.

In today's modern society that constantly challenges the morale virtue of every individual, only those who geared with discipline and prudence to choose the right path suceeds. For instance, most teenagers these days, sadly, are involved in risky behaviours as evidenced by increasing juvinile deliquecies. This is owing to the fact that most of them are coming from a familial background with minimal parental supervision and guidance. As a results, they are an easily drawn to make mischief and socially deviant behaviour as they are not aware of what discipline and moral virtue is all about. It is therefore, every parents responsibility to instill these values as they are, after all, every child's first teacher and role model.

On the other hand, parents are mainly responsible as well of providing their progenies which essential necessities conducive to their growth and development, that is a safe haven for them devoid of anything that would bring a negative impact on their physical and psychological aspect. In other words, parents should immunized their home against any forms of violence, agression, and opression. 

A home that fosters every child's right to education, proper food and shelter in order for them to grow with a sound body and mind.

To recapitulate, provision of safe environment and promotion of moral virtues are equally essential for  parents to confer to their children in order for them to raise a responsible and well-balanced children of the society."


