Topic:

"In the future, it may be necessary for us to live on another planet. For this reason, some people believe that we should spend money now researching planets that could be a possible home, 
such as Mars. To what extent do you agree or disagree?"

Essay:

"Many individuals believe that in the upcoming years/future, society might end up living in another world. Because of this Core idea, the community are thinking that it might be best we start spending most of our fortune on researching/findings to look into the best possible next home sphere like Mars. In my opinion, I consider alternative options will be more feasible and have a better success rate than the spending on a Space mission.

It is generally, argues by some nations that, doing research and finding the solution of the issues will help more than colonization on another world and I agreed. In other words, it would be more beneficial for humanity to survive and evolve with time. For example, if we provide attention to climate changes, deforestation,air pollution, and water pollution, it will rapidly increase the survival of the earth planet and provide a better environmental condition for living beings. Furthermore, Government and the private Companies have to work side by side to prevent rapid damages to the earth planet.

On the other hand, thinking about living on another sphere like Mars give me  excitement and a goosebump but it required a large number of resources, time, and money to make it happens/possible.For example, as per current situation, Scientist has noticed that wastage of natural resources is growing exponentially and finally it leads to dooms of humanity and the earth planet and colonization into other planets and starting from starch will give humanity a chance to survive.

In Conclusion, investing in colonizing another sphere should not be a priority while there is a better solution for the current problem. Deeply look into Universe is like a pipe dream and it should be left to the wealthy nation instead of spending taxpayer money."


