Topic:

"Some people say that the only reason for learning a foreign language is in order to travel to or work in a foregin country. Others say that these are not the only reasons why someone should learn a foreign language.
Discuss both these views and give your own opinion"

Essay:

"Nowadays, learning foreign languages has become more common. While some people think the only reason why people should learn other languages is for work or travel, argue that there are more reasons contributing to this case and I personally think they are right.

On the one hand, the point of learning a language is that one can use it to communicate with others.  This is why some people think the only reason for learning other languages is for work purposes or travelling. This is considered a practical use of knowing a foreign language. In this case, there is no need to learn the advanced details of the language and the person can use it for communication with other people. The people who think these reasons are the only things that matter during learning a language argue that practical use of language is more important. For example, if someone gets a job offer from another country, it gives him a strong reason for learning the language of that country.

On the other hand,  there is actually more to a language than just learning how to communicate, therefore, people believe there are lots of reasons for learning a language. By doing so,  people can read books from other countries and become more familiar with their literature.  Learning a foreign language also enables people how to watch foreign movies in their original form and get more information about their culture and the way people of these countries live.  Since translation cannot always convert the meaning of these things, a lot of people study other languages for these reasons.

In conclusion,  while it is true that many people learn other languages just because of work or travel,  I think there are Muslims contributing to the purpose of learning foreign languages."


