Topic:

"Computers do not help children learn more effectively. On the contrary, the use of computer's has a negative effect on children's physical and mental development. To what extend do you agree or disagree?"

Essay:

"In the 21st century, it is obviously difficult to assess the contribution of computers to young people. While some people take the position that computers not only reduce the productivity of learning but also jeopardise physical as well as psychological growth of a child, I am convinced that computer's effectiveness depends on the way children utilize.

On the one hand, if a child is taught to use computer functions properly, it will, admittedly, offer certain merits for learning procedure. First and foremost, thanks to advances in computer technology, people from all walks of life will have a feasible opportunity to access orthodox education without the fear of physical factors, such as geographical distance, which has been hard in the days before - if not impossible. Not to mention that learning through computer, without doubt, ensures flexible studying hours. To make it clear, unlike limited time in conventional courses, people of all ages are able to cover learning materials at their own pace. This, apparently, acts as a contributor to their passion for learning.

On the other hand, it is inevitable that the dark sides of over-reliant on computers are even more tangible to children's physical and mental process. To commence with, in terms of physical health, those who are long-time heavy computer users are prone to obesity resulting from lasping into sedentary lifestyle that they only look fixedly at computer's screen. In other words, these youngsters will suffer serious loss of vision, back pain and so forth if they do not reduce the dependance on computer devices. Furthermore, unbridled use of computers, for all intends and purposes, exerts lethal impacts on children's communal lifestyle which has been scientifically proven that computer users have a proclivity for social isolation by virtue of their in default of real interaction and a sense of community.

Taking into those above-mentioned characteristics, one can conclude that the influence of computers in modern days virtually rely on each person's approach, this can brought both positive and negative aspects to children's development. Thereof, moderation is the key."


