Topic:

"Some people think that it is beneficial for children to do paid work, while others think it can be harmful for children. What are the advantages and disadvantages of children paid work?"

Essay:

"Our world is so diverse; even more than you might think. There are so many different cultures with different customs and traditions that it is almost impossible to get to know every one of them. Human beings are destined to contribute to their uniqueness and independence. As far as I'm concerned, it is rightly being a member of your culture that sustains your wellbeing and balance. That's why I think it is hugely important not only to be familiar with your own culture, which you are fond of, but also to acquaint yourself with other cultures. But how can we ensure the reliability of the information which we come across during this process? Which learning methods should we use?
First of all, taking a course about the culture in order to enrich yourself seems to be a very good option, but will it fulfil the main aspect which is to become more knowledgeable? Provided that, you are taught by a teacher which has the skill to make the learning process more enjoyable. On the other hand, this method could be ineffective when it comes to the practical approach. It is very unlikely that if you touch or see something alive you will forget it and that's exactly what this course cannot deliver.
Secondly, having visited the country which has the specific culture would be more desirable and could bring amazing achievements in terms of the knowledge, but it can be time-consuming and very costly.
To sum up, none of these options outweigh the other. It mainly depends on the personality. From my point of view, every person should be able to determine which way of familiarizing with the culture would bring them the highest results."


Revised:

The essay you have provided does not match the given topic of discussing the advantages and disadvantages of children doing paid work. Please provide the correct essay so I can edit it according to the IELTS structure for you.



Score:

Overall: 1

Score_TR: 1
Score_CC: 1
Score_LR: 1
Score_GA: 1


