Topic:

"More and more companies are allowing employees to work at home. Do you think this is a positive or negative development?"

Essay:

"Nowadays, the technology has altered our working style and gave the chance to the employees to do their job duties from home. While some people claim that this has a positive impact for both the companies and the workforce, others argue it has a negative effect on the companies. I agree to some extent with working from home as it has some advantages such as flexibility and disadvantages such as less productivity. This essay will discuss both sides of the arguments and provide a conclusion with my opinion.

To begin with, there are several advantages linked with working from home. Firstly, working from home reduces the time wasted during the commute. As a result, they will start their work with full power and energy without feel exhausted from the traffic. For example, the workers do not need to awake very early in the morning to go to the office, and they will start working from home with a fresh mind. Secondly, Working from home gives the employee the flexibility to manage their family matters without impacting their performance. By doing this, the workforce will be able to balance between their personal life and professional career.

On the other hand, working from home has some negative factors. To commence with, employees will lose their motivation during working from home, and they might not give the work the needed importance. As a result, the production might be reduced and the delivery of the tasks will be delayed. In addition, working from office enhance the workforce collaboration and the social life. Due to this, working from home will increase the tension between the employees and impact the task that requires more collaboration between the team members. For instance, some activities need a face to face meeting for brainstorming and discussion, which require all the team members to be in the office.

To sum up, there is no doubt that working from home has advantages such as flexibility, but it is linked with many disadvantages that impact the productivity of the employees. However, I profoundly believe that the advantages of working from home will be an added value to the companies and the employees, if it is regulated by processes and rules to control it."

Revised:

Nowadays, with the advancement of technology, working from home has become a popular option for many companies. Some people argue that this has a positive impact for both the companies and the workforce, while others believe it has a negative effect on the companies. In this essay, I will discuss both sides of the argument and give my opinion.

On the one hand, there are several advantages linked with working from home. Firstly, it reduces the time wasted during the commute, allowing employees to start their work with full power and energy. This improves their productivity and efficiency. For example, workers do not need to wake up early in the morning to go to the office, and instead, they can work from home with a fresh mind. Secondly, working from home gives employees the flexibility to manage their family matters without impacting their performance. This helps them balance their personal life and professional career.

On the other hand, working from home has some negative factors. Employees may lose their motivation, resulting in a lack of productivity and delayed delivery of tasks. Additionally, working from home can reduce collaboration and social interaction between teammates. In some cases, face-to-face meetings are needed for brainstorming and discussions, making it difficult for employees to work remotely.

In conclusion, working from home has advantages such as flexibility, but it is also linked with many disadvantages that can impact employee productivity. However, I believe that with proper regulation and control, the advantages of working from home can be an added value to both the companies and the employees. To sum up, it is important to find a balance between working from home and working in the office, as each has its own benefits and drawbacks.


Feedback:

Task Response:

Trong bài viết của bạn, bạn có trả lời đúng câu hỏi đề bài bằng cách đề cập đến 2 ý kiến trái chiều về việc cho phép nhân viên làm việc từ xa. Bạn đã đưa ra những lợi và hại của việc làm việc từ xa và rút ra kết luận của mình. 

Tuy nhiên, để cải thiện thêm Task Response, bạn có thể cần trao đổi chi tiết hơn về những lợi và hại cụ thể của việc làm việc từ xa. Ví dụ, trong phần lợi, bạn có thể đề cập đến những lợi ích cụ thể khác như tiết kiệm chi phí đi lại, giảm căng thẳng của nhân viên và tăng cường sự hài lòng của nhân viên. Trong phần hại, bạn có thể cần đưa ra thêm một số ví dụ hoặc nghiên cứu để giải thích tại sao việc làm việc từ xa có thể làm giảm năng suất hoặc ảnh hưởng đến mối quan hệ giữa đồng nghiệp.

Tóm lại, bài viết của bạn đã trả lời đúng câu hỏi đề bài. Để cải thiện thêm Task Response, bạn có thể bổ sung thêm các ví dụ cụ thể để hỗ trợ lập luận của mình.


Coherence and Cohesion:

Bài viết của bạn có sự liên kết mạch lạc và hợp lý nhưng vẫn cần một số điều chỉnh để tăng cường Coherence and Cohesion. Dưới đây là một số lỗi nhận thấy và gợi ý sửa chữa:

1. Paragraph 2: Thêm từ nối để kết nối các ý trong đoạn này: "On the one hand, there are several advantages linked with working from home. Firstly,..." Đề xuất: "On the one hand, there are several advantages linked with working from home. Firstly,..."  

2. Paragraph 3: Các ý không được sắp xếp một cách logic. Đề xuất: Sắp xếp các ý như sau: giảm thiểu thời gian đi lại, cải thiện hiệu suất công việc, tạo sự linh hoạt trong quản lý công việc và gia đình.

3. Paragraph 4: Thiếu từ nối để kết nối các ý: "On the other hand, working from home has some negative factors. Employees may lose their motivation, resulting in a lack of productivity and delayed delivery of tasks." Đề xuất: "On the other hand, working from home has some negative factors. For instance, employees may lose their motivation, resulting in a lack of productivity and delayed delivery of tasks."

4. Paragraph 5: Liên kết ý không rõ ràng, việc thiếu từ nối và cấu trúc câu hơi lặp lại. Đề xuất: Divide this paragraph into two. For the first part, focus on the negative impact of reduced collaboration and social interaction. For the second part, discuss the challenges of remote brainstorming and discussions.

5. Conclusion: Thiếu sự kết nối và phân tích chi tiết về đề tài. Đề xuất: Reiterate the main points from each paragraph and provide a stronger stance on the topic. Additionally, consider adding a final sentence summarizing your opinion and emphasizing the need for proper regulation and balance.


Lexical Resource:

Từ vựng trong bài viết của bạn là đa dạng và phong phú. Bạn đã sử dụng một số từ vựng chính xác và cụm từ trong ngữ cảnh đúng. Tuy nhiên, vẫn có một số lỗi và cách cải thiện để cải thiện chất lượng từ vựng của bạn:

1. Paragraph 1:
- "claim" (nên sử dụng "argue" thay cho "claim"): While some people argue that this has a positive impact...
- "impact on the companies" (nên sử dụng "effect on the companies" thay cho "impact on the companies"): ...it has a negative effect on the companies.

2. Paragraph 2:
- "linked with" (nên sử dụng "associated with" hoặc "connected with" thay vì "linked with"): There are several advantages associated with working from home.
- "reduce the time wasted" (nên sử dụng "save time" thay cho "reduce the time wasted"): ...working from home saves time wasted during the commute.

3. Paragraph 3:
- "employees will lose their motivation" (nên sử dụng "employees may lose their motivation" thay cho "employees will lose their motivation"): ...employees may lose their motivation during working from home.
- "impact the task" (nên sử dụng "affect the task" thay cho "impact the task"): ...and affect tasks that require more collaboration between team members.

4. Conclusion:
- "the advantages of working from home will be an added value to the companies" (nên sử dụng "the advantages of working from home can provide added value to the companies" thay cho "the advantages of working from home will be an added value to the companies"): ...the advantages of working from home can provide added value to the companies.

Ngoài các điểm trên, bài viết của bạn có một vài cụm từ không thật sự hợp ngữ cảnh hoặc có cách diễn đạt không tự nhiên. Dưới đây là một số gợi ý chỉnh sửa nhằm cải thiện sự diễn đạt tự nhiên của bài viết:

- Paragraph 1: ...some people argue that this has a positive impact on both the companies and the workforce.
- Paragraph 2: Firstly, working from home saves time on commuting, allowing employees to start their work with full energy. For example, workers do not need to wake up early and brave the traffic just to get to the office. Instead, they can work from home with a fresh mind.


Grammatical Range and Accuracy:

Trong bài viết của bạn, có một vài lỗi sai ngữ pháp:
- "they might not give the work the needed importance": cần sửa thành "they might not give the work the importance it needs"
- "Due to this, working from home will increase the tension between the employees and impact the task that requires more collaboration between the team members": cần sửa thành "As a result, working from home may increase tension among employees and affect tasks that require collaboration among team members."

Ngoài ra, một số câu trong bài viết có thể được phát triển hơn để tránh sự lặp lại:
- "For example, the workers do not need to awake very early in the morning to go to the office, and they will start working from home with a fresh mind." Câu này có thể được sửa thành "For instance, employees no longer have to wake up early and suffer through stressful commutes to the office, allowing them to begin work with a clear and focused mind."
- "By doing this, the workforce will be able to balance between their personal life and professional career." Câu này có thể được sửa thành "This allows employees to achieve a better balance between their personal lives and professional careers."


Score:

Overall:

Score_TR:
Score_CC:
Score_LR:
Score_GA:

Task Response: The essay clearly addresses the topic and presents both sides of the argument. However, some points could be more fully developed. Estimated score: 7 

Coherence and Cohesion: The essay is well-organized and uses appropriate linking words and phrases. However, the essay could have more variety in sentence structures. Estimated score: 7 

Lexical Resource: The writer demonstrates a good range of vocabulary related to the topic, but some words and phrases could be more precise or appropriate. There are also a few errors. Estimated score: 6.5 

Grammatical Range and Accuracy: The essay displays a good understanding of grammar structures but could benefit from more variety in sentence structure. There are a few errors in grammar. Estimated score: 7 

Overall, based on this essay, the estimated score is around 6.5 to 7 for each criteria.


